♪
[Breathing shakily]
[Gasps]
[Breathing rapidly]
[Cellphone buzzing][Gasps]
Hello?
[Man speaking indistinctly]
Yeah. No. Sorry.
I, um-- I-I fell asleep.
[Man speaking indistinctly]
No. Of course I'm still coming.
Yeah.
Yeah, I know where it is.
[Man speaking indistinctly]
I-I can make my own way there.
[Whoosh]
[Man speaking indistinctly]
Um, no, I-- I haven't.
I haven't thought about it yet.
Because I-I don't--
I don't feel ready.
[Man speaking indistinctly]
Look. Just-- Just not--
not tonight, okay?
[Man speaking indistinctly]
Fine.
Stay over.
Satisfied?
[Beep]
[Clinking]
[Faucet squeaks, water running]
[Ring clatters]
[Laughter]
- That's not a good joke!
- Anyway. Right. Listen.
No, no, no. Right.
I've got a story for you.
Listen. This happened
to a mate of mine in Nevada.
Route 50. Well, that's
where he told me about it.
- Oh, here we go.
- I'm serious.
Go on, then.
Right.
Well, me and my mate Ash
drove across the States
during our gap year.
Really? Because you've
never mentioned it before.
[Laughter]
One night, as we were driving
from Vegas down to Palm Springs,
he tells me this thing
that happened to his sister.
- [Speaks indistinctly]
- Oh, Ryan!
She's not, mate. She's working
at this local law firm.
- I'm fine. Thanks.
- Right.
- Which one?
- Stop interrupting, Ryan!
I'm checking
the facts, babe!
They're called Wilma and
Blaylock Family and Divorce Law.
Check 'em out. Go on. They've
got a website. I'll wait.
Bet you've read this story
like a million times.
Yeah.
It's a good one, though.
Thank you!
Anyway...
So, his sister's working
in her office one night late.
On her own?
On her own. Yes.
Ooh!
She checks her phone.
She realizes
it's gone past 11:00.
P.M.?
Yes, P.M., you...
[Speaking indistinctly]
Some people aren't afraid
of a bit of hard work, Jess.
- Yes, yes.
- Yeah.
Anyway, she finally decides
to head home late.
She locks up the office
and she walks across
the now-deserted parking lot
to her car.
As she drives off,
she notices this other car
pull up right behind her.
Starts following her
along the road.
And she tries
speeding up, slowing down,
hard left, hard right.
Nothing works.
She can't shake
this bloody car.
Oh, my God.
That is terrifying.
Then it starts tailgating her,
flashing his headlights,
honking the horn,
so now she's panicked, right?
She's so panicked,
she calls Ash on her mobile.
Lucky for her, Ash is
still up, so he answers.
He says-- He says drive
over to his straightaway.
So she floors it all the way
there with this car
still right behind her--
through red lights,
stop signs, the lot.
Finally, she pulls up
outside Ash's.
He comes flying out
the front door, yelling,
waving his uncle's
9-millimeter pistol around.
His sister sprints
out of the car
and runs into the house
screaming!
- Fuck.
- Then...
this car that's been
following her pulls up.
The driver leaps out.
He starts screaming at Ash
to point the gun
over at his sister's car.
When Ash asks why, the guy
says he's seen this man inside
ducking down
behind her seat.
So they both go over.
They open the rear door.
Sure enough, there was a guy
in there with a Stanley knife
waiting to cut her throat.
[Tray clatters][Gasps]
[Laughter]
Oh, my! Come on!
♪
Can we smoke in here?[Whistles] Hey.
Of course
you can't smoke in here!
...weirdo.
Patrick: Ah. Yes. Right. Drink
up. I've ordered champagne.
Patrick!
You shouldn't have!
Babe, it's not for you.
[Laughs]
Anne and I have a little
announcement to make.
Try not to interrupt this one, yeah?
- I don't want to.
- Hey, hey, Come on.
Alright.
Everyone got a drink?
So, I'm moving back in
with Anne.
Ryan: That's great. Now you
can't sponge off us anymore.
And-- And-- And...
we're getting married.
Ryan:
Hey! Congratulations.
- Thanks, buddy!
- Well done! Amazing!
♪
Jessica?
Well, she didn't say.
I was going to.
Were you?
Yeah.
♪
Hey.
Why didn't she tell me?
Anne!
[Door closes]
Fucking hell was that
all about?
Like I fucking know.
[Breathing shakily]
[Door opens]
[Knocking]
Jessica:
You in there? Anne?
[Knocking]
Anne?!
What?
[Toilet flushes]
So it's all fine now?
Yes. It's all fine.
It-- It's not, though,
is it?
You can't just go back
to how things were.
[Water stops]
Who says?
[Scoffs]
He's not gonna change,
Anne.
I mean,
are you pregnant?
No.
What?
Fuck. I don't know
how to say this--
Then don't.
[Exhales heavily]
Mnh. I got the last one,
didn't I?
Nice try, champagne boy.
Come on. I'll help you count.
What?
Oh, Anne. We're gonna
split this. Right? Anne?
♪
What's the matter
with her? What?
[Fingers snapping]
Pay the bill.
[Laughter]
[Horn honks]
[Gasps]
What's wrong?
You're shaking.
I'm just-- I'm--
I'm just really tired.
I'll come back to yours.
Hey? Just the two of us.
Be like old times.
No, thanks.
N-Not tonight.
Fine.
I just-- I...
I feel like something bad
is gonna happen.
Then don't take Patrick
back home.
Ryan:
Right. Where next?
- Home.
- Already?
Jessica: You two can stay out
if you like.
- Do you want to hand in, love?
- Oh, no, Pat. Thanks, pal.
- Mate, all of ya?
- No, no, no. Just us two.
- Go on. Get in.
- She wants to go back
on her own.
We've discussed it.
Alright? I'm staying at hers.
Not tonight.
Just...
- You said we would.
- Patrick!
- Oh, leave 'em to it.
- She doesn't want to!
Would you mind your own
fucking business for once?
Come on.
Go on.
Patrick: What the fuck
did you say to her?!
- Nothing!
- Guys, please! Please!
Patrick!
Patrick, the door's locked!
- Patrick! Patrick!
- Yeah.
Alright. Shift over.
Shift over.
[Driver grunts]
Right.
- No, I need to get--
- Jessica.
No...[Engine starts]
Anne. Anne.
The window's tinted.
Can't see her.
Good night, then.
[Muttering]
Driver:
Where to, mate?
Can you just drive
for now?
I'll say where
when I know where, okay?
Your money.
[Radio playing]
Anne,
what have I done now?
As usual, fuck-all, Anne.
Not a fucking thing.
I told you I needed
more time.
[Laughs]
I moved out!
Remember?
Like you wanted me to.
Yeah, with good reason.
Great.
Back to that.
How long are you gonna
keep punishing me?
♪
I'm coming back tonight then?
On the couch, obviously.
Not tonight.
Brilliant.
Driver:
Two trips, then, is it?
You'll do alright, mate.
Don't worry.
I mean, the meter's running.
That's all.
Thanks.
Oh, I didn't realize.
Mine first, then.
Please.
No. Just keep driving...
We're not done here.
Do you want me
to kick him out, love?
What?
Fucking sit on you, mate.
♪
Miss?
Uh, no.
♪
I can call another taxi
to take him home
and I'll take you
straight home.
- No, I'm sure. Thanks.
- Alright.
♪
[Man speaking on radio]
I've picked you up before,
haven't I?
Don't think so.
I would have remembered.
Hm. Usually got
an excellent memory.
It'll come to me.
Oh. Hello. I haven't
heard this for a while.
[Dickey Lee's "Laurie
[Strange Things Happen] plays]
Oh, yes.
♪ Last night at the dance,
I met Laurie ♪
You know it?
♪ So lovely and warm
♪ An angel of a girl
[Cellphone dings]
♪ Last night, I fell
in love with Laurie ♪
♪
♪ Strange things happen
in this world ♪
♪
♪ As I walked her home
♪ She said it was her birthday
♪ I pulled her close
and said ♪
[Keyboard clicking]
♪ "Will I see you
anymore?" ♪
♪ Then suddenly she asked
[Cellphone dings]
♪ For my sweater
[Patrick laughs]
♪ And said that she was
very, very cold, ah ♪
Turn it down now,
will ya?
[Volume decreases]
♪ I kissed her... ♪
That song is by a man
called Dickey Lee.
It's a ghost story.
Young man has been
trying to fuck a ghost.
It's an old one.
I weren't talking
to you, mate.
Whatever.
[Cellphone dings]
[Keyboard clicking]
Ryan. See?
No. Ian.
What?
Ha ha. Sorry. I thought
you were talking to me.
My name is Ian. I'm sorry.
What's your names?
Mr. Customer.
He's Patrick.
I'm Anne.
That's nice, isn't it?
All friends now.
Here's a personal question.
Are you married?
'Cause it fucking
sounds like it.
We're engaged, actually.
Ha!
Anne, I'd get out
at the next red lights
and I'd run
a fucking mile.
Excuse me?
Marriage is-- [Sighs]
It's a long road.
It's a long, long
fucking road.
And just when you think you've
got the hang of it, kids appear.
Ah! There we go.
Now I remember where I picked
you up from. The hospital.
Hospital?
No. You didn't.
Yes, I did.
Saint Mary's Maternity.
Do you remember
I said to you
my missus, when she was
pregnant with us,
she was all over the place,
especially early on.
She said it was like
being hit by a fucking truck.
How does she know
what that feels like?
What's he talking about?
What a journey the pair of you
are about to embark upon.
So how are you doing, then? How
are you feeling? You showing?
Showing?
Showing. Showing!
Oh, fuckin' hell.
He doesn't know, does he?
Shit.
Are you pregnant?
Look at me!
This is how I find out?
Well, if you'd taken her
to the hospital yourself,
you would have known.
You would've probably
appreciated the support,
- wouldn't you, Anne?
- Oh, fuck off! Ian!
Nothing scarier
in this world
than being responsible
for a kid.
Your life-coaching included
in the fare or is that extra?
No, no.
It's all free of charge.
Now, me,
I never missed a scan.
I went to all
the antenatal classes.
But that's just who I am.
You know?
I get it, Anne.
Perhaps it's easier
to go alone
than with an emotionally
retarded dickhead like this.
Who the fuck
you think you are?!
[Laughs] Alright.
Why don't we calm down?
Let's cool off here.
Let's have a quick five.
I need to make
a phone call anyway.
Here we go.
♪
Patrick:
Is he taking the piss?
Jesus.
♪
I won't be long.
I've got a phone her indoors,
like a good husband.
Hold up. This is my time.
Stop the meter!
Prick.
Well?
Were you at least
planning to tell me?
I don't know.
[Laughs]
It's not exactly
ideal timing, is it?
I still have
a right to know!
I'm not sure that you do.
But you listen to me.
Whatever Jessica told you,
she's fucking lying, alright?
It's you keeping
the secrets here, not me.
Really?
Yeah. Really.
How do I know it's mine?
Oh, shit.
Maybe that's what all this
is about. Maybe you cheated.
You know what?
I can't do this anymore.
Great.
Yeah, great.
Now you'll have to
stay and talk.
Alright. Ta-la.
[Ian grunts]
Sorry about that. My little boy
is not very well.
Yeah. Can-- Can you
open the door, please?
I want to--
I want to get another cab.
Oh, 'cause that'd look great,
wouldn't it?
Father-to-be lets
his pregnant fiancée
hitch a ride home
in the middle of the night.
Another thing to be
weaponized against me
in the future, I'm sure.
I don't know
if either of you heard,
but I said my little boy
is a bit poorly.
No one gives a fuck
about your little boy!
- Pat.
- What?!
Just drive her home.
- 67 Parkfield Road.
- Ian: Parkfield Road.
Yeah. I remember.
I picked her up from
the maternity hospital.
Didn't I?
Yeah, you said.
[Chuckles]
Right. [Grunts]
I'm gonna get my map.
Your map?
I'm old-school, mate.
Fucking...
clown school.
Oh, no, he is. Yeah.
He's actually getting his map.
Fucking cabbie doesn't
know the way about.
I'm getting out.
Mine's still locked.
Yeah. So is mine.
Hey! Unlock the doors!
Ian: Yeah.
- Yeah, you can leave us here.
- I can't do that.
[Electricity crackles]
What the fuck
are you doing?!
Watch your
fucking mouth!
Or you'll get
one and all.
What a fucking rotter!
[Crying]
Is he dead?
What do I look like?
Fucking Quincy M.D.?
Ah. Ha ha ha!
Let me out!
Hey. Nice try.
You think I was fucking
born yesterday?
You listen to me.[Beeping]
You try and escape again,
I'm gonna fry this man's
fucking brain.
You understand that?
[Beeping]
Do you
under-fucking-stand that?
Yes!
[Click, beeping stops]
I've got my eye on you.
Shit.
Don't-- Don't do it.
Don't do it. Hey.
I fucking warned you.
Put that fucking phone down.
Put it down.
Put it back in your bag.
Okay, okay, okay.
Okay.
What are you doing?
Are you mad?
Turn around.
The other way!
Give me your hand.
And the other one.
Whatever you want.
I've got money.
I can give you my money.
Whatever you want.
Money?
Think I need money?
Sit back. Sit back.
There we go.
Safety first.
Where's your phone?
- In my bag.
- In here?
Who are you with?
What?
What service provider
are you with?
I'm thinking about changing,
because the coverage around here
is just shit, you know?
[Electricity crackles]
Yeah!
Yeah. They're fucked.
[Phones thud]
[Whimpering]
Sit back. Sit back.
Fuck.
[Tapping on window]
[Ian sighs]
[Grunts]
Whew.
[Engine starts]
Yeah.
[Rattling]
♪
Pat. Please wake up.
Pat, please wake up.
You alright?
He needs help.
Please. Please.
Can we just go
to a hospital?
I think-- I think
he's seriously hurt, Ian.
Hurt, yeah, but seriously?
I doubt it.
He's had
a high-voltage shot.
Not enough to kill him.
He got one zap, anyway.
Got it off the Dark Net.
Lovely man in Bulgaria
called Mikhail makes 'em.
They're ever so good.
Just--
Just a smashing
build quality, you know?
Pat, are you okay?
There we go.
He'll live.
[Grunts] God.
Yeah.
Stings, didn't it?
When I first got it,
I tried it on myself.
Heh-heh. Fucking hurt.
Ha. I don't know if I should
tell you this, but, uh...
I wet meself.
[Chuckles]
You haven't wet yourself,
have ya?
'Cause I'd have to
charge you extra, Patrick.
Let us out.
I said let us out,
you sick fuck!
Kick it. Kick it.
[Grunts]
Kick him!
Yeah.
Crash us off the road?
Good idea, you fucking... Kick him!
[Anne screaming]
[Indistinct shouting]
- Want another one?
- No, no, no!
Then fucking
behave yourselves!
♪
Sorry.
Sorry. Sorry.
It's just I try and deny...
Just like my dad.
Horrible temper on him.
Used to get out of line
on car journeys.
He'd spin around.
Bang us with
his big fucking hand.
Bang, bang, bang.
You're only
a little boy...
Horrible cunt.
There's a car.
Quick! Quick!
The window! Punch it!
- Help us! Help! Help!
- Help! Help!
[Patrick screams]
Anne: Help!
Pair of pricks.
Full tint back there.
You can see out,
but they can't see you.
No, no, no.
I saw someone.
When I came out of
the restaurant, I...
I saw someone
in the back of the cab.
No.
No. The taxi was empty.
It was just me.
I saw her.
She was in the back
of the cab. I saw her.
What did she look like?
♪
Well?
Nothing.
Nothing. It's nothing.
♪
You're quiet in the back,
Patrick. You alright?
[Sobbing]
Oh, look, Anne.
Poor Patrick's crying.
You alright?
[Sobbing]
Aww.
Did you wet yourself?
He got me in my chest.
I've got stabbing pains
in my chest.
I call them jolt echoes.
Rather apt, I thought.
It's alright. It's alright.
It's okay.
Just breathe, Patrick.
Breathe. Deep breaths.
Okay.
You just-- You need to--
Is that yoga?
My wife used to do yoga.
It did not keep her calm.
We should've gotten
a take-out.
What did he say?
Did he say, "We should've
ordered take-out"?
Ha ha ha! Yeah!
I like that.
- Patrick.
- That is funny.
Important to marry someone with
a good sense of humor, Anne.
Looks are a bonus, sure,
but looks fade.
Laughter doesn't fade.
Laughter never fades.
♪
Please.
Why are you doing this?
♪
All in good time, Anne.
All in good time.
♪
[Horn honking]
Don't worry.
We'll make regular stops.
Keep you and the baby
fed and watered.
I'm a parent, too.
Do you remember?
My sick son
no one gave a shit about.
Look. That's him. there.
Takes after his mum, thank fuck.
She's pretty.
Your wife.
Too pretty to love
someone like me?
That's not what I said.
Yeah.
You didn't have to.
Do anything for her.
For them.
Do you know
what that feels like?
No.
Would like to.
Be careful what you wish, Anne.
That shit comes at a price.
It'll break your heart.
You said your son was ill.
Nothing serious, I hope.
Nah. [Chuckles]
No, no, no, no, no, no.
[Chuckles]
I see what you're doing.
Too late to get on
my good side now, Anne.
It's not gonna help you.
Not now.
Fuck. Fuck.
♪
Anne: Patrick.
[Engine shuts off]
♪
Patrick.
[Speaking indistinctly]
Are you awake? Patrick?
Fuck.
Hello?
There's no one around.
Please don't.
Let's get a nice bit
of fresh air.
Come on.
Out you come.
♪
Yeah.
Sit on there.
You're alright.
Go. Sit down.
♪
Yeah. Nice.
Here we are.
You must be thirsty.
All part of the service.
Now, ladies first.
There we go. Oh.
- Give it to him.
- No. No.
You first, then him.
Come on.
There we go.
Oh. It's alright.
I've got another bottle
for him.
That's it. Come on.
Drink it!
Get it down ya.
Think of your kid!
Get it down ya!
Think about
your fucking kid!
Jesus Christ, Anne!
[Coughing]
Some mother you'll make.
[Anne sobbing]
Tsk-tsk-tsk.
[Anne coughing]
♪
Huh! Well, fuck.
It seems like that's all
we got after all.
All gone.
What a shame.
Poor Patrick.
I'm not fucking around.
Let's go.
I need a loo.
You don't want me pissing
in your cab, do you?
Wait there!
♪
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
What-- What are you doing?
I said wait there.
Yeah. There.
What hand? That one?
That easier?
- Yeah.
- Good. Hold it there.
Ohh. Ian's here to help.
Is that too tight?
No, it's fine.
Good. Alright.
Oh! Wait.
♪
[Trunk opens]
[Ian grunting]
Ian: Right.
Now. Ta-da!
Piss in that.
If I hear anyone coming,
I'm back around here, alright?
Decent or indecent.
Gotta make a phone call.
[Footsteps depart]
Fuck.
♪
[Groans]
Fuck.
♪
Oh, shit.
[Line beeps]
Woman: Welcome to
the voicemail service.
Fuckin' hell.
♪
[Anne screams]
Fuck!
Ian: Shut up!
Shut the fuck up!
I warned you, didn't I?!
Shut up!
No! She was-- She was
standing right there behind me!
She-- She was
standing right there!
Stand up.
Fucking stand up!
Anne: She was standing--
She was right there.
Fucking turn around.
Turn around!
Fucking.
Will you listen, Anne?
Ugh!
You pissed on the floor,
you dirty little rabbit.
I can't-- I couldn't go
with my hand...
What?
You don't-- You don't
need to tie me up.
What?
I'm not gonna go anywhere.
I promise you.
Get in. Get in.
Fucking get in!
Fuck.
Put 'em back on.
Mind your feet.
[Trunk closes]
[Electricity crackles]
If you do anything
like that again,
I'm gonna fucking kill him.
Do you understand, Anne?
Good. Let's go.
♪
[Anne whimpering]
[Engine starts]
♪
Where are we going?
Ian:
The end of the road.
My place.
On Maybelle Hill.
You know it?
No.
That road will scare ya.
Ha!
The most haunted road
in England, they call it.
You believe in ghosts?
Do you believe
in ghosts, Anne?
Anyway, she died
in a car crash
out in the middle of the night,
hitching with her kid,
fleeing
her fucking husband.
Car killed her outright.
It was the little girl, though.
She died
a couple of days later.
Alone in the woods.
Scared.
Crying for her mama.
No one came looking.
No one found her.
This road has been haunted
ever since.
The Ghost of Maybelle Hill,
they call her.
Stands at the side
of the road, hitching.
She rides with you a while
and then...
she just disappears.
Sometimes she don't get in.
She just appears inside the car.
Sometimes she just steps out
right in front of you...
[Gasps]
...staring.
Till you hit her.
Then she drops down
underneath your car.
Whenever she appears, she's
always after the same thing.
Her child.
♪
Ian:
You alright, love?
Yeah, um, I just--
I ate something bad.
Um, sorry.
W-What do I owe you?
Oh, nothing.
Consider it a gift
for the little one.
Really?
Yeah.
Just promise me
one thing.
Sure.
Look after it for me.
♪
I will.
Thank you.
♪
Anne, you hungry?
You're eating for two now.
♪
[Engine shuts off]
[Door opens and closes]
♪
Yeah.
Poor little fella.
Must have been
tuckered out.
Let's let him sleep.
Aww.
♪
Patrick, wake up.
Please wake up.
[Sobbing]
Patrick:
Yeah, I'm awake.
You fucking asshole!
Thanks so fucking much.
He doesn't know that,
does he?
When he unties me,
he'll have to
drag me out himself.
That's when
I'll take him.
You're gonna take him?
You'll have to help me.
You said you wanted us to do
more things as a couple.
[Laughs]
He's fucking nuts.
That's what he is.
Ghosts,
for Christ's sake.
Stop it, Pat. He picked me up
from the hospital.
Told me to--
to take care of the baby.
I'll kill him
before he touches you.
Patrick.
Look at me. Hey.
[Groaning]
Patrick. Look at me.
Look at me. Patrick.
You can't fight him
like this, can you?
You need to stay calm, okay?
It's all gonna be fine.
Just stay calm, okay?
I'm so glad, Anne,
about the baby.
I've changed.
Jessica told me.
She t-told you what?
About the woman
you brought back with you.
How could I have had
anyone back with me
with those two
sleeping next door?
Anne.
♪
So that's it.
Is it?
Then we may as well die.
[Sobbing]
♪
There's someone there.
There's someone coming!
Patrick, there's someone coming!
We can-- We can--
We can both yell out.
When he opens the door,
we can scream, alright?
And then they'll--
- they'll hear us.
- Yeah.
Come on. Patrick.
Come on, come on, come on.
Come on. This is our
last chance. Come on!
It's okay. It's okay, Pat.
Stay calm. Stay with me, Pat.
It's okay. It's alright.
It's alright.
I'll get us out of this.
Just hold on. Just stay calm.
Hold on.
Come close,
you fucking bastard.
Open the fucking door.
[Patrick grunting]
I'm sorry. Sorry.
He stopped.
Patrick, he stopped.
He-- He's...
♪
Yes.
He's-- Oh.
[Engine starts]
Not coming.
[Sobbing]
♪
He's not coming.
He's...
He's not coming, Pat.
♪
He can see me.
Can he see me?
♪
[Echoing]
I think he can see me.
♪
[Woman screams]
[Laughter]
♪
[Gasps]
Ian: You're awake.
You were crying out
in your sleep.
For your mum.
What did you give me?
Oh, nothing.
Just some over-the-counter
sleep medication.
Took its time, though. I didn't
think it was gonna work.
Jesus! Fuck!
Calm down.
Just needed a bit of peace
and quiet, to be honest, Anne.
[Chuckling] I'm under a lot
of pressure right now.
[Sobbing]
Calm down.
Please let me out.
I only gave you a few.
Quit crying, Anne.
[Sobbing]
Stop fucking crying!
I hate it!
Elaine used to cry.
Anne! Stop crying!
I'll fucking kill you!
I will fucking kill you!
[Stops sobbing]
You can still feel it, right?
Can you still feel it?
Yeah, I can
still feel it.
There we go then.
Bloody fuss over nothing.
Just shut up
and enjoy the scenery.
♪
You've seen her,
haven't you?
Yeah, she has.
She's seen her.
On Maybelle Hill.
That's where
I first saw her.
♪
She was standing
by the side of the road.
♪
[Voices whispering]
I stopped to let her in,
but she was already there.
Pointing.
Up the road, I thought.
♪
She started talking.
[Voices whispering]
First, it was
like a warning.
I managed to tune in a bit,
and it wasn't a warning at all.
She was speaking about how
things are and always will be.
In my head.
♪
She was in my thoughts.
She pointed at the photo.
There. My little boy.
My angel.
And that's when
I got scared.
And I looked up again.
And it wasn't the ghost
anymore.
It was Elaine.
My wife just staring at me
and sobbing, pleading.
She's telling me things,
horrible things.
[Sobbing]
I couldn't take it anymore.
I needed it to stop!
Except she was there.
Right there,
where you are now.
I can still feel her,
the ghost.
It's like she's never left.
She was there when I brought
you back from the hospital.
♪
Right next to you
the whole way.
♪
Anne: Patrick.
Are we on
Maybelle Hill now?
We've been on it
since the beginning.
♪
Hm. [Chuckles]
Here we go.
Hm!
♪
[Turn signal clicking]
There we go.
Home sweet home.
Your-- Your family
lives here?
My family?
Are you mad?
Why would my family live
in this deserted shithole?
My family live in a house,
my fucking house that I pay for.
I live here.
Stand here.
Wakey, wakey!
Hands off snakey!
Hey.
If you help me get him inside,
I'll let him live.
- You promise?
- Yeah, yeah. Yeah.
Piggy promise.
[Oinking]
[Squealing]
Stand there. Stand there.
[Chuckles]
You want to do
piggy promise?
Right.
Go on. Grab his legs.
Come on, lazy bones.
Go on.
[Body sliding]
[Ian grunting]
I don't usually lock the place
up, 'cause no one comes here.
[Ian grunting]
And no one leaves.
♪
Ahh.
Huh?
Ta-da!
[Grunts]
I got-- I got him.
Sorry.
No. I can't.
- Put him down.
- Sorry.
You alright?
Come in. I'm sorry.
Come. Come in.
Come in. Come in.
Go on.
♪
It's just temporary,
you know?
Put some of
these lights on.
It's dark in here.
Ohh.
Better.
There's a sleeping bag there
if you're cold or tired.
[Chuckles]
Or blankets if you're too much
of a fucking princess.
Sit down.
Sit down, please, Anne!
Now, in here, you got
a little fridge that works.
And there's a bathroom
in here.
But there's no water.
So I use bottles
for that...
and drinking...
drugging.
[Chuckles]
I don't have a telly, though.
It's good for you,
to be honest.
Right.
Come on, Elaine.
Come on. Pick up.
Why won't you answer me?
Woman: Welcome...
She never fucking
answers me.
Why does she never
fucking answer me?!
It's the middle of the night.
She's probably asleep.
She's asleep?
[Chuckles]
She's awake.
She's always a weight.
Used to say to me,
"You're not the one
getting up at night
doing the feeds!"
Ain't my fault
I don't have tits, is it?
Is it?
"Breast is best."
Heard that
a fucking million times.
Breast is best, Anne.
Shift.
Don't want him
to hurt his neck. Ugh.
♪
It's just
you and me now.
And her.
She's waiting for us.
♪
You know, the first night--
the first night
I picked her up...
Was scared shitless.
I drove straight to a pub
and I had a large whiskey.
Then I had another
fucking large whiskey.
[Chuckles]
And I sat there.
Just shaking
like a shitting dog
until I'd just calmed down
enough to go home.
And my wife, Elaine--
my fucking wife--
she didn't believe me!
She said, "Who you been with?
Why won't you admit it?
That's why you work nights."
Can you fucking believe that?
I ended up on the fucking sofa
that night.
I lay there...
terrified
out of my fucking mind.
And then I heard
something upstairs.
So I went up.
♪
[Muffled crying]
[Snarling]
♪
She was in his room.
[Hissing]
She was just stood
by his cot.
Knew then I had to
get her away from him.
I had to save him.
My little boy.
My little angel.
And that's when I left 'em.
When I came back up
to Maybelle Hill,
I brought you with me.
For her.
My baby.
Yeah.
A trade.
My child for yours.
♪
[Banging]
She's here.
♪
Stay there.
[Clang]
♪
Oh, no, no, no.
Come on, come on, come on.
Don't die. Don't die.
Patrick, come on. Come on.
Fuck. Okay.
[Groans]
Annie...
Annie.
Is it mine?
Of course it's yours.
I fucked it all up.
I know I'm meant to die.
I'll get you out of this.
Don't, don't, don't.
It's okay.
You and our baby...
Anne?
[Patrick screaming]
- Shh. Shh.
- Anne! Stop!
Save the baby.
Wait!
It was Jessica.
I slept with Jessica.
That's who the woman was.
♪
Come on.
No, Annie.
You can't take me.
No! [Grunts]
[Sobbing]
Shh. Patrick.
♪
Come on. Come on.
Fuck.
[Metal creaking]
♪
Come on. Fuck.
Shit. Come on.
Come on. Come on.
You little fuck.
[Electricity crackles]
No! You said
you'd let him live!
You know what?
I just changed my mind.
Then. Just then.
Just then.
[Electricity crackles]
Get off him!
[Screaming]
Get off!
Fuck off, Elaine!
♪
[Both breathing heavily]
Silly rabbit.
Almost got you, then.
I could have hurt
the baby!
♪
Him? I'm sorry.
I'm not usually
like this.
[Anne screaming]
[Gargling]
♪
You horrible cunt.
Rabbit?
Rabbit!
Come here, rabbit.
Run, you rabbit!
[Anne screams]
♪
Rabbit!
- Rabbit!
- [Screams]
Come here!
[Grunts]
♪
Rabbit!
[Anne screaming]
♪
Rabbit. [Growls]
Ow. [Shouts]
[Door closes]
Rabbit.
♪
[Metal clanging]
Ian: Where are you,
naughty rabbit?
Knock it out.
♪
Come on.
[Engine starts]
[Screaming]
Fucking cunt!
Get off!
[Electricity crackles]
[Anne stops screaming]
Fucking hell, Anne!
Look what you made me do!
Fuck!
♪
Fucking hell!
Fuck. Fucking...
Your temper!
[Muttering]
♪
Clean up your shit
and go home.
♪
No, no. Please don't.
Please. Please. Please.
I can-- I can feel it kicking.
It's alive. It's alive.
[Sobbing] Please don't.
Please. Please.
[Chuckling]
Fucking hell. My heart.
[Chuckles] Whoo!
♪
Anne?
Ian: What life would yours
have had?
♪
Parents fucking hate
each other.
Dad who didn't know
he was one.
Cheating.
What life would he have had?
Me and Elaine rowed.
We fucking found it tough,
but to say
I didn't love my son...
To say I was out fucking
this woman and that woman
while she was at home
looking after her kid.
Her fucking kid!
It was never my kid.
♪
Do you know
what I was doing, Elaine?
I was out driving
this shit fucking cab
trying to make us
a bit of fucking money.
Then you tell me
you want a divorce.
Alright.
You want to take away my son?
Take away the only thing I love?
Fine.
Maybe I'll take away your son.
Take away the only thing
you fucking love. Permanently.
♪
Oh, my God.
That was the thought I had.
♪
Thought that was in my mind.
Ian:
Kill him. Kill him!
[Woman screaming]
Kill...
[Snarling]
But I wouldn't do that.
Why would I?
I love him to death.
♪
So I went out.
And I drove it off.
♪
And that's what I saw her.
That's the price.
That's the price
for thinking it.
[Voices whispering]
She read my mind.
She read my thoughts.
♪
My fucking shame.
[Sobbing] She knew
exactly what I'd done!
♪
When I picked her up,
that's what she was telling me!
[Voices whispering]
She was whispering in my ear.
"Smother him. Smother him.
Smother him..."
♪
But she started
to get in my cab...
♪
Because I made a deal...
She can have yours,
and I'll have mine.
♪
She can have yours,
and I'll have mine.
♪
Yes.
I'm sorry, Annie.
♪
Come down here.
Kneel down there!
♪
I'm saving my child.
You'd do the same.
♪
There is no child, Ian.
I lost it.
When you picked me up
from the hospital...
I don't have a child.
Ian: What?
I have no baby.
It left me.
♪
I'm sorry.
That's not right.
That won't work.
That won't work!
Why did you lie to me,
rabbit?!
You fucking tricked me!
♪
Anne: You took it.
You took it.
You took my baby!
You took it! You stole it!
♪
Where are you?
No, no, no! Come back!
Come back! Where did you go?
Come back.
[Sobbing]
♪
You stole it.
[Snarling]
Where are you?
[Normal voice]
Where are you?!
[Woman cackling]
♪
No!
Where are you?!
Woman: No!
♪
[Woman screams]
[Woman cackling]
Woman: [Snarling]
Where are you?!
♪
[Engine idling]
Hello?
♪
Okay.
[Clears throat]
♪
Off we go.
[Cellphone buzzing]
[Chuckles]
It's Elaine.
[Cellphone buzzing][Screams]
[Tires screech]
♪